# Team Project Development
This week my team was able to make progress on some important issues with the project, 
and talk about each other's strengths as we try to figure out the direction of the project.
One thing that we were able to make progress on were establishing a weekly meeting time, 
a chat group, and figuring out what issue to pick up.

# Wikipedia
## From your own point of view, what kind of people contribute to Wikipedia?
I personally don't know anyone who has contributed to Wikipedia (or at least someone who publicly does so), 
so I am hesitant to make any judgement calls over who would be contributing. What I do know is that Wikipedia is a massive project,
and the magnitude of that project alone would draw a large crowd of people wanting to contribute. Add in the fact that a Wikipedia page will allow you to voice your opinion, 
and you've got a massive following of eager contributers on your hands.
## do you think you might one day become a regular contributor?
I do not see that happening, as I don't feel I'd learn much from the experience.
## how will you select the articles to contribute as part of the required contributions for this class?
I'll probably choose a page devoted to something I'm interested in, as I'll be more knowledgeable on the subject matter.
## did you find any ideas and topics that were out of date (Regarding the TED talk that Jimmy Wales gave on the Birth of Wikipedia in 2005?)
Well I highly doubt Wikipedia still only has one Software Developer. 
He also mentions at the end that Wikipedia was working to create freely licensed textbooks, which I have yet to see.
