## My team's browser extension
This week's task of creating and working on browser extensions was a learning experience for myself, as I had never worked on browser extensions before, and don't have much experience with vanilla JavaScript. 
I found the group aspect of the project difficult as well, as it lead to a lot of debugging before our final product was ready. 
My team happened to physically meet up for most of the project, however we still ran into bugs that were caused by inconsistencies between each member's work. 
However, we were communicating well as far as the high-level design of our project was concerned, and all had a similar vision for a final product.
I did find it helpful to get feedback from other students through them reporting issues. For example, one student requested a feature that would allow the screen to be 'uncracked'.
Now that I knew this was a feature people would want, I decided to implement a 'reset' button that would return the screen to it's original state.

## Working on other teams' extensions
I enjoyed looking at other teams' source code and running their extensions locally. 
The various groups in our class had some really creative ideas and well thought-out projects. 
I found that the 'tabi-clock' project was a great idea that could be made even better with a few additional features.
My goal was to create a settings menu without trying to re-do any of their existing features.
After reviewing their source code, I decided that I should create a sample drop-down menu that they can choose to implement with actual features or not, 
or not merge at all if they wanted to go in a different direction. I forked their repo, created the menu and sent them a pull request.
