# The Cathedral and the Bazaar
It shouldn’t be a surprise to me that the “bazaar” project structure has been as successful as it has. By the time I began coding, the open-source project had already become one of the most recognized successes in the programming world. However, most of the projects I’ve encountered have been accomplished by myself or a small team. Even when only working with a few other people, all of whom know the code and project backwards and forwards, we can still come into conflict. Managing a small team can be a difficult task on it’s own, so it’s astonishing to me that a project with hundreds or even thousands of contributers can reliably succeed. Clearly, the strict methodology around creating and contributing to an open source project is crucial. 

# Free vs. Open Source
I found the article on “free” vs. “open source” software particularly interesting. This is because I always felt the two camps would be nearly synonymous. After reading this eye-opening article it couldn’t be more clear that the two are not only not synonymous, but they share a lot of fundamental differences in their goals. The free software mindset, that there are certain “freedoms” that have to be associated with the software, can work in tandem with open-source software, and in many places we do see the two together. However, the author makes clear that the open-source mentality doesn’t necessarily involve the ideals of right and wrong, but focuses on the quality of the product.

# Team Project Update
After a slow start (we recently changed our project focus from React to Material UI), we’ve been picking up the slack of late and have been more committed to the team. Our entire team is ready to devote time to really learning how to contribute the right way, which is a very important skill to have if we’re going to contribute to open-source projects in the future.
