---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Screen Cracker Web Extension:

Maya, Julie and myself decided to build a web extension that simulates a cracked screen inside your browser when clicking on the "trigger button." We split up the responsibilities so that Maya wrote the HTML and CSS for the popup, I wrote the Javascript, and Julie wrote the content script. I uploaded a planned file structure to the project to ensure we were working off of the same structure, however because of the amount of fluidity between our scripts necessary for the web extension to work, we still ended up having to debug the extension for a long time. For example, the Javascript file referenced in the HTML had the wrong name. It took me about two hours of looking through my script before I realized that it might not be referenced correctly. 
At the end of the day we have a working Screen Cracker extension that I am happy to see work well and look pretty good. This process of building a web extension was definately a Github learning experience for myself, as I saw firsthand how necessary it is for the contributers to a project to be on the same page. Moving forward, when divying responsibilities to a project I would try to write down the names of variables and scripts that may have to be referenced by another contributer in the project readme before beginning work. This could end up saving the team a lot of time when it comes to the debugging phase.

Link to the project: https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s19/screen-cracker-team-7
